Home
Scripts
Episodes
Characters
Gifts
Share
Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!
The Stranded
Looking for  a great gift idea for the holidays?
Check out our complete
Seinfeld Gift Guide right now
! Including
T-Shirts
,
DVDs
,  and more!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Written by: Larry David, Jerry Seinfeld & Matt Goldman
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Episode no. 27
pc: 209, season 3, episode 10
Broadcast date: November 27, 1991
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Cast
Regulars:
Jerry Seinfeld................... Jerry Seinfeld
Jason Alexander.................. George Costanza
Julia Louis-Dreyfus.............. Elaine Benes
Michael Richards................. Cosmo Kramer
Guest Stars:
Susan Diol....................... Audrey
Michael Chiklis.................. Steve
Teri Austin...................... Ava
Bobbi Jo Lathan.................. Jenny
Gwen Shepherd.................... Cashier
Dwayne Kennedy................... Frank
Marcia Firesten.................. Jenny
Michael Milhoan.................. Security Guard
John Putch....................... Roy
Melissa Weil..................... Gwen
Ellen Ratner..................... Ellen
Frank Piazza..................... Cop
Opening monologue
So I was in the drug store the other day, trying to get a cold medication.  
        You
ever try and pick one of these out?  It's not easy.  It's a 
        wall.  It's an
entire wall of cold medication, you stand there, you're going, "Alright,
alright, alright, okay, what the hell--  This is quick acting, but 
        this is long
lasting.  When do I need to feel good, now or later?"  
        It's a tough question.
And they always show you the commercials on TV where they show you what's 
        wrong
with the guy, you know?  They always show you, like, all the problems 
        that he's
having.  First of all, the always show you the human body, which 
        is usually this
guy.  No face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public.  
        And he's
always in, like, a certain pain, it's like red wavy lines are going through 
        him
or he's glowing, parts of him are on fire sometimes, lightning is attacking 
        him.
I never had a doctor say to me, "Are you having any pain?"  
        "Yes I am."  "Are
you having any lightning with the pain?"
First scene.
Jerry and George are in a drug store.
Jerry:  How did you get fleas?
George:  Because my cousin's imbecile dog was rolling around outside 
        and they
got in his carpet.
Jerry:  Maybe you can get yourself a little bowtie flea collar.
George:  That's not funny.  So, are you coming to the party?
Jerry:  I'd go, but Long Island, it's so far out, it smacks of desperation.  
        The
whole party, everyone's gonna be saying to me, "You came all the 
        way out from
Manhattan for this?"
George:  You know Ava's gonna be there.
Jerry:  Who?
George:  The nice one that works in my office.
Jerry:  Nah.
George:  I'll drive.
Jerry:  Oh, well, now you're talking.
George:  It's supposed to be a good party.
Jerry:  What does that mean, good dip?
George:  No, there'll be girls there.
Jerry:  There's girls everywhere.  I go out of my apartment, 
        there's girls in
the elevator.  They're in cafeterias, subways, so what?
George:  There's a hundred different things here.  What's the 
        difference between
these two?  (They each grab a box and check the ingredients)  
        You got
propylparabin?
Jerry:  Got it.
George:  You got isobutane-30?
Jerry:  I got isobutane-20.
George:  A-ha.
Jerry:  You got  sorbitant sesquioliate?
George:  Got it.
Jerry:  I have aloe!
George:  You got aloe?  I love aloe.
Jerry:  Where do they make yours?
George:  Jersey.
Jerry:  White Plains.
George puts down the "Jersey" box and grabs the "White 
        Plains" box from Jerry
and they go to the check out counter.  Two women are standing at 
        the magazine
rack in the background.
Jerry:  Girls.  There's girls right here in the store.  
        Look, look, there's one
over there.  Look, there's another one.  Soon as I walk outside 
        there'll be
girls out there.  What's the matter?
George:  I gave her a twenty, she only gave me change for a ten.
Jerry:  Are you sure?  Oh boy, here we go.
George (to the cashier):  Excuse me, I gave you a twenty dollar bill 
        and you
only actually gave me change for a ten.
Cashier:  You gave me a ten.
George:  I'm positive I gave you a twenty.
Cashier:  I know what you gave me.
George:  You owe me ten dollars.
Cashier:  Will you please step aside?  Next?
George:  Alright, let's just examine the situation for a second.  
        Who, in this
situation, would be more likely to make a mistake?  Me, who had access 
        to my
wallet, knew exactly what was in there?  Or you--
Cashier:  You.
George:  No, no, no, see you're not really listening.
Security Guard:  What's the problem here?
George:  No problem.  There's no problem.  She just owes 
        me ten dollars, that's
all.
Cashier:  He's claiming short.
Security Guard:  Alright, let's just take it outside.
George:  Oh, so you don't believe me either?
Security Guard:  Come on, let's go.
George:  You haven't won.  You may think you've won, but you 
        haven't won.  Do
you know why?  It's not over.  This is not over.  I'm not 
        forgetting what's
happening here.  You have my ten dollars.  I will get it back.  
        Alright, don't
worry.  It's not over.  I'm going now.  Good bye.  
        I will be back.
New scene.
George, Elaine and Jerry enter The Party and stand by the door .
Elaine:  Well don't stand here, let's walk in, blend in, blend in.
Jerry:  No, let's survey first.  Camp here.
George (waving):  Eva.
A beautiful woman starts walking over.
Jerry:  What could possess anyone to throw a party?  I mean, 
        to have a bunch of
strangers treat your house like a hotel room.
Ava:  So, guess who just sold 129 West 81st.
George:  Oh no you didn't.  Get out, when?
Ava:  Yesterday
George:  I don't believe it.
Ava:  Ask Mark.
George:  Mark, is this true?
A man across the room nods.  George and Ava walk towards him.
Jerry:  Yeah, this has got disaster written all over it.
Elaine:  How did I ever let you talk me into this, I must have been 
        out of my
mind.
Jerry:  Now listen, let's keep an eye on each other tonight.  
        In case one of us
gets in a bad conversation, we should have a signal that you're in trouble 
        so
the other one can get us out of it.
Elaine:  How old are you?
Jerry:  Thirty-six.  What's the signal?  Howbout this?  
        Chicken wing?  No, no,
no, I got a better one.  Head patting.
Elaine:  Whatever you want.
Fast forward a bit, Jerry is sitting on the couch with a stranger.
Guy:  You came all the way out from Manhattan for this?
Jerry:  Yeah, yeah I did.
Guy:  So what do you do?
Jerry (Patting his head):  I'm a comedian.
Guy:  Are you?  Lemme ask you something.  Where do you 
        get your material?
Jerry (still Patting):  I hear a voice.
Guy:  What kind of voice?
Jerry:  A man's voice, but he speaks in German so I have to get a 
        translator.
Guy:  How come you keep tapping your head.
Jerry:  It's a nervous tic.  I'm on L-Dopa.
Cut to Elaine, engaged in a conversation with another guy and patting 
        her head.
Guy:  On the other hand, you take a guy like George Washington Carver.  
        The man
devoted his whole life to the peanut.  Imagine having so much passion 
        for
something.
Cut back to Jerry and his 'guy'.
Guy:  Ya know, people tell me I'm a funny guy.
Cut back to Elaine and her 'guy'.  She's still tapping madly.
Guy:  I've often wondered if he ever worked with the pecan.
Elaine:  Yeah, me too.
Guy:  Now is that considered a nut, because I know the cashew is 
        a legume.
Cut to George, now talking with Jerry.
George:  How's it going?
Jerry:  Great, how about you?
George:  I can't believe what's happening here.  She hasn't 
        taken her hands off
me all night.  She was always friendly around the office, but that 
        was it.
Jerry:  How do you account for this?
George:  I don't know, maybe a safe fell on her head.
Jerry:  Well, she obviously liked you all along.
George:  No, I would have picked up on it.  I can always tell 
        when a woman likes
me, they always somehow let you know.  With me, they could torture 
        me, I
wouldn't tell them.  If anything I'd try to make them think I don't 
        like them,
then they think, "Oh, look at this guy, he's not even looking at 
        me, he must
have something going for him."
Jerry:  Anyway, I'm ready to go.
George:  Now?
Jerry:  If not now, when?
George:  Gimme a half-hour.
Jerry:  Okay, half-hour.
Cut to Elaine and the 'peanut guy'.  By now, she's weary from tapping.
Guy:  Peanut brittle, peanut butter, peanut oil...
Jerry (interrupting):  Can I talk to you for a second?
Elaine:  Oh, excuse me.  (gets up to talk with Jerry)  
        What have you been doing,
I've been smacking myself senseless.  People think I'm a mental patient.
Jerry:  Hey, I was dying over there.
Elaine:  This guy's going off on the peanut.  Now pay attention.
Fast forward a bit, a woman (Ellen) is talking to Jerry.
Ellen:  Yeah, I think I've seen you in a club.  You talk about 
        a lot of every
day things, right?
Jerry:  Right.
Ellen:  Yeah, I remember you.
Ellen turns her back and the camera pans out to Elaine, sitting on the 
        couch
near a pretentious woman.
Woman:  I wonder what happened to my fianc.  I know he's here 
        somewhere.
Ellen?  Have you seen my fianc?
Ellen:  He's upstairs.
Woman:  Are you going upstairs?  Tell my fianc I'm looking 
        for him.  I have
lost my fianc, the poor baby.
Elaine:  Maybe the dingo ate your baby.
Woman:  What?
Elaine:  The dingo ate your baby!
Cut to George and Jerry.
Jerry:  You ready?
George:  Listen, I have a tremendous favor to ask.
Jerry:  I do favors.
George:  I think something's happening here.
Jerry:  What?
George:  I think she wants me to take her home.
Jerry:  Wow.
George:  What should I do?
Jerry:  Go!  What could you do?
George:  What about you and Elaine?
Jerry:  We'll get a ride.
George:  Are you sure?
Jerry:  We'll be fine, what did she say?
George:  She told me she wants-- (Pauses until a woman coming down 
        the stairs
passes)  She told me she wants me to make love to her.
Jerry:  What?  She said that?
George:  Yeah.
Jerry:  Get out of here.
George:  I swear.
Jerry:  What did you say?
George:  I, I, I can't.
Jerry:  What did you say?
George:  Please, it's--
Jerry:  What?
George:  I... I... I long for you.
Jerry:  I long for you?
George:  I was so shocked I was lucky I said anything.
Jerry:  It's okay, that's not bad.
George:  I don't like when a woman says, 'Make love to me', it's 
        intimidating.
The last time a woman said that to me, I wound up apologizing to her.
Jerry:  Really?
George:  That's a lot of pressure.  Make love to me.  What 
        am I, in the circus?
What if I can't deliver?
Jerry:  Oh, come on.
George:  I can't perform under pressure.  That's why I never 
        play anything for
money, I choke.  I could choke tonight.  And she works in my 
        office, can you
imagine?  She goes around telling everyone what happened?  Maybe 
        I should
cancel, I have a very bad feeling about this.
Jerry:  George, you're thinking too much.
George:  I know, I know, I can't stop it!
Cut to Elaine, talking with yet another guy on the couch.
Elaine:  Well, right now I'm reading manuscripts for Pendant Publishing.
Jerry (walking up):  Pendant?  Those bastards.
Elaine:  Excuse me.
Jerry:  Listen, George is going home with this Ava from his office
Elaine:  Really?  Huh.  What a world.  So we can go 
        now?
Jerry:  Uh, no, he's taking the car.
Elaine:  Well, what are we gonna do for a ride?
Jerry:  I don't know.
Elaine:  You don't know?
Jerry:  Maybe Kramer can come pick us up.
Elaine:  Oh great, oh, this is great.  How could you let him 
        take the car?
Jerry:  There's nothing I could do, it's part of the code.
Mid-episode monologue
All plans between men are tentative.  If one man should suddenly 
        have an
opportunity to pursue a woman, it's like these two guys never met each 
        other
ever in life.  This is the male code.  And it doesn't matter 
        how important the
arrangements are, I mean, most of the time when they scrub a space shuttle
mission it's because one of the astronauts met someone on his way to the 
        launch
pad.  They hold that countdown.  He's leaning against the rocket 
        talking to her,
"So listen, when I get back what do you say we get together for some 
        Tang?"
Elaine (noticing Ava in a fur):  Oh look at that.  Look at what 
        she's wearing.
You see what she's wearing?
Jerry:  Yeah, yeah, alright.
Elaine:  I can't believe she's walking around in that.
Jerry:  Just don't make a scene.
Elaine:  Hey, is that real fur?
Jerry:  Oh boy.
Eva:  It better be or my ex-husband owes me an explanation.
George:  Yeah, good night.
Elaine:  You don't care that innocent defenseless animals are being 
        tortured so
that you can look good?
George:  Could we talk about this some other time?
Ava:  Are you a vegetarian?
Jerry:  Here we go.
Elaine:  Yeah, I eat fish occasionally.
Ava:  So you're a hypocrite.
George:  Hey, I've eaten frogs, so nobody's perfect.  Anyway-
Ava:  Well, talk to me when you stop eating fish.
Elaine:  Fish don't feel any pain.
Ava:  How do you know?  Do you communicate with fish?
Elaine:  Well, they're not kept in little cages.
Ava:  Ever seen a goldfish?
George:  Goldfish.
Elaine:  Yeah, yeah I've seen goldfish.  They're not unhappy.
Ava:  Oh yeah, right.  Swim around in a bowl for two weeks and 
        get flushed down
the toilet, that's a good life.  (To George)  Let's go.
Elaine:  Oh yeah, that's right.  Go ahead, go ahead, maybe you 
        can run over a
squirrel!
George:  That's why we're here in America.
Jerry:  You're beautiful.
Elaine:  Call Kramer.
Jerry:  Alright. (Approaches host)  Excuse me, this is your 
        party, right?
Steve:  No, I just live here.
Jerry:  Can I use your phone?
Steve:  What's in it for me?
Jerry:  A bigger bill?
Steve:  He he, go for it.
Jerry picks up the phone and dials.
Jerry:  Krame?  Sein.  What are you doing?  Well, 
        I'm stuck out here on Long
Island.  What are your thoughts about taking a ride?  You sure?  
        Okay, but don't
leave me hanging here.  Okay, great.  Let me give you directions.
Cut to several hours later.  The party has ended.  The hosts, 
        Steve and Jenny,
are cleaning up, Elaine and Jerry are still there.
Elaine:  You sure you don't need any help?
Jenny:  No, not really.
Jerry:  I'm sure he'll be here any minute.
Jenny (To Steve):  I want them out of here.
Elaine:  Call him again.
Jerry:  I called, what should I do? (To Jenny) We really appreciate 
        this.
Jenny (To Steve):  It's two o'clock in the morning.
Jerry (noticing a coffee table book):  Oh, you got the Civil War 
        book.  I saw
some of that show, it was wonderful.
Elaine:  Six hundred and twenty million people died.
Jerry:  Thousand.
Elaine:  Thousand.  Six hundred and twenty thousand.  The 
        horror, the horror.
(To Jerry)  The wife keeps giving us dirty looks.  Are you sure 
        you gave him the
right directions?
Jerry:  Yes.  (To Jenny)  You're sure there's nothing we 
        can do?
Jenny:  No!  (To Steve)  I am not going to bed with them 
        in out house, this is
ridiculous.
Jerry:  You know a friend of my father's used to live right around 
        here.  Mike
Wichter.  He sold plastic straws.  You know the ones?  
        You could bend them.
Elaine:  Have you noticed, people don't use straws as much as they 
        used to for
some reason.
Jenny:  You know, it doesn't look as if your friend is coming.
Jerry:  Oh, he's coming.
Jenny:  Maybe you should take a look at a train schedule.
Jenny sees a figure outside the kitchen window and screams.
Jerry:  That's him.
Jenny:  I'm going to bed!
Elaine:  Thanks a lot.
Jerry:  Thanks, great party.
As Jenny storms up the stairs there's a knock at the door, Steve answers.
Kramer:  Hey, how ya doing?
Steve:  Ah, look who's here.
Kramer:  I'm sorry.
Jerry:  Hey, it's okay.
Kramer:  I had the directions on the seat right next to me, they 
        flew out the
window.
Elaine:  Then how did you find the place?
Kramer:  Well I knew the exit on the Long Island Expressway, and 
        I thought that
the address was 8713 Riviera Drive.  Uh uh, so I drove around knocking 
        on
everybody's doors that had those numbers; 8317, 7813, 3718, 1837, whoo.
Finally, I hit it.  8173.
Jerry:  Anyway, thanks a lot for letting us stay here, Steve, I really 
        owe you
one.
Steve:  No problem.
Jerry:  And if you're ever in the city, you know, you want to come 
        to a comedy
club, whatever.
Steve:  Hey, I might take you up on that.
Jerry (writing):  Here's my address and number.  And really, 
        thanks again.
Kramer (to Elaine):  You better zip up.  I couldn't get the 
        top on the
convertible up.
Elaine:  But it's cold out.
Kramer:  Yeah, wait till we get on the Expressway.
New scene.
Jerry's at his apartment, talking on the phone.
Jerry:  George, I've been sick all week.  Elaine was too.  
        Eighty miles an hour,
forty degree temperature for fifty minutes.  Do the math.  Yeah, 
        maybe I will
get out.  Hey, let me just stop off at the drug store first.  
        Okay, meet me down
there in fifteen minutes then we'll go do something.  Yeah, Selwyn's.  
        Okay bye.
Jerry hangs up and grabs his coat and there's a knock at the door.
Jerry:  Who is it?
Voice:  Mr. Pocatello.
Jerry:  Who?
Voice:  You mean you don't recognize my voice?
Jerry opens the door.  Steve steps in.
Steve:  Jerry, baby!
Jerry:  Do I know you?
Steve:  Boy this comedy's really frying your brain.
Jerry:  I'm sorry, uh-
Steve:  See, this is the kind of lasting impression I make on people.
Jerry:  Oh, okay.
Steve:  You said if I was ever in the city, I'm in the city.
Jerry:  You certainly are.  What's going on?
Steve:  I'm just waiting for a lift back to the island, he won't 
        be ready until
eleven, so I figured I'd give you a break.  I thought I'd see what 
        it was like
to hang out with someone in show business.
Jerry:  Listen, I'm really sorry but I'm just on my way out to meet 
        a friend.
Steve:  Oh, come on, you can come up with something better than that.
Jerry:  No, really, I just got off the phone with him.
Steve:  I understand.
Jerry:  Look, you can hang out here if you want.
Steve:  Don't be so enthusiastic.
Jerry:  No, it's-
Steve:  I'm not gonna steal anything.
Jerry:  No, of course not, just close the door when you leave.
Steve:  I think I can do that.
Jerry:  Really, I'm sorry.  Maybe another time.
Steve:  Yeah.  Let's have lunch.
New scene.
Jerry and George are at the drug store.
Jerry:  They guy's in my house right now.  What a mistake that 
        party was, I
never should have gone.
George:  Yeah, me either.
Jerry:  Oh, come on.
George:  What come on?  Have you ever dated a woman that worked 
        in your office?
Jerry:  I've never had a job.
George:  You know the anxiety you feel on a date?  That's what 
        I have every day
now.  My worst nightmare's come true, every day is a date.
Jerry:  That's one of Dante's nine stages of hell, isn't it?
George:  Ava was one of the reasons I used to like going to work, 
        she was a
friend.  Now we sleep together and suddenly, I don't know how to 
        talk to her.
Every time I go to the bathroom I pass her desk.  I have to plan 
        little patter.
I spend half my day writing.  Then afterwards, I sit in my office 
        and analyze
how it went.  If it was a good conversation, I don't go to the bathroom 
        for the
rest of the day.  I see her laughing and talking with other people, 
        they're all
so loose and relaxed, I think, 'that used to be me.  I want to go 
        back there
again.'
Jerry:  What are you gonna do?
George:  I have no choice, I'm quitting.
Cut back to Steve sitting alone on Jerry's couch watching TV.  Kramer 
        walks in
and it takes a moment for him to recognize the visitor.
Kramer:  The party, Long Island?
Steve:  Kramer, right?
Kramer:  Hey, what are you doing here?
Steve:  I'm waiting for my ride.
Kramer:  Where's Jerry?
Steve:  He split.  Let me ask you something.  Is there 
        anything to drink in here
or is that, like, a stupid question?
Kramer:  Well, Jerry, he doesn't have anything.  (Sensing Steve's
disappointment)  Well, but I might have something.
Cut back to Jerry and George at the drugstore.  Jerry is selecting 
        medication.
Jerry:  Alright, I'm gonna get this.  This looks good.
George:  How much is that?
Jerry:  Nine sixty.
George:  Nine sixty?  Give it to me.
Jerry:  Why?
George:  Don't worry, I got it.
Jerry:  What do you mean, you got it?
George:  I got it.
George takes the box and begins to place it in his jacket.
Jerry:  Since when are you treating me to medicine?  What are 
        you doing?  You're
stealing this, aren't you?
George:  I'm not stealing it.  They owe me ten dollars.  
        They stole from me.
Jerry:  You're a lunatic.
George:  I have to do this, it's a matter of honor.
Jerry:  What do you say to a person like you?
George:  Just walk.
Jerry:  Oh.
A security guard approaches George.
Security Guard:  Scuse me.  What do you got there?
George:  What?
Security Guard:  What do you got in your shirt?
George:  Oh, I was gonna pay for this.
Security Guard (grabbing George by the elbow and walking him to the counter):
Come with me.
George (nervous):  Where are you taking me?  I was gonna pay 
        for it.
Cashier: um-hmm.
Security Guard:  You don't think I remember you?
George (more nervous):  What are you talking about?
Security Guard:  I know who you are, I was watching you.
George (panicky):  What are you gonna do?  Are you gonna call 
        the police?
The Security Guard drags George away and Jerry steps to the counter.
Jerry:  Can I still buy this or is this evidence now?
Cut back to Kramer and Steve, they're obviously tanked.  Kramer is 
        in the middle
of a story.
Kramer:  So, I'm chasing these doves down the street and she's screaming 
        at the
top of her lungs, and then when the magician comes back from Europe, two 
        of them
turned brown!  Well I followed the instructions!
They both erupt in raucous laughter.
Steve (hysterical):  Ah, they turned brown!!  Brown!! (the laughter 
        winds down)
So let me ask you something, you know any women we could call?
Kramer:  Not really.
Steve:  Maybe we should call one of those escort services.  
        I saw one of them
advertised before on the cable station.
Kramer (handing Steve the phone)  555-LOVE.
Steve:  Hey, you want in on this?
Kramer:  No, I got a girl in the next building
New scene.
Jerry is outside his apartment door, as he puts in the key, he hears a 
        woman's
voice from inside.
Voice:  Now I want my money, mister, and I ain't leaving until I 
        get it.  Now I
am through playing games with you, I got things to do.
Steve (drunk and slurring):  Oh Jerry!  Jerry!  Look who's 
        here, it's Jerry
Jerry:  What the hell?
Steve:  Jerry, this is Patti.
Jerry:  Nice to meet you.
Patti:  It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, I'm sure.
Jerry:  What the hell is going on here?
Steve:  I don't know, but I gotta do this more often.  (The 
        buzzer goes off)
Ooh, there's my ride, finally.
Patti:  I'm not gonna go anywhere until I get the rest of my money.
Steve:  See ya, Jerr.  And tell Kramer thanks and I'll call 
        him tomorrow.
Jerry:  Oh, Kramer huh?
Steve:  Yeah, he's a hoot.  Oh, goodbye, my dear.  (trying 
        to kiss Patti's hand
as she pulls it away)  Ouch.  (To Jerry)  Weekend of the 
        26th, come on out,
we're having another party.
Steve walks out, leaving the front door open.
Patti:  I ain't leaving.
Jerry:  Patti?
Patti:  You got anything to drink?
Jerry:  Alright, how much does he owe you?
Patti:  Fifty dollars.
Jerry (taking out his wallet and handing over bills grudgingly):  
        Fifty dollars.
In mid-payment, a police officer walks through the open door.
Cop:  This your apartment?
Jerry:  Yeah, but--
Cop:  You're under arrest for solicitation of prostitution.
Jerry:  Wait a second, I--
Elaine walks in.
Elaine:  I brought you chicken soup.  (To Patti)  Is that 
        real fur?
Jerry (and the cop, in unison):  Oh boy.
New scene.
Jerry and George are at Jerry's apartment, watching TV and eating pizza.
George:  You had Sgt. Chadway?  Me too.
Jerry:  He was a nice guy.
George:  Oh, great guy.
Jerry:  Was there a red-headed guy there?
George:  The one with the long sideburns?
Jerry:  Yeah.
George:  Where does he come off?
Jerry:  Yeah, I know.  There's no call for that kind of attitude.
George:  One of the guys in my cell threw a piece of gum at him.
Jerry:  Oh, we all hated him.
Closing monologue.
There's two types of favors, the big favor and the small favor.  
        You can measure
the size of the favor by the pause that a person takes after they ask 
        you to 'do
me a favor.'  Small favor, small pause.  Can you do me a favor, 
        hand me that
pencil?  No pause at all.  Big favors are, 'Could you do me 
        a favor...' (huge
pause, followed by closing credits.)
Home
Full Scripts
Community
Episodes Guide
Characters Details
Cast Details
Quotes
Seinfeld Gift Shop
Festivus Info
Superman References
Watch Online
Search in site
Episodes Overview
|
Scripts
|
Contact
Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com